docs: update template creation docs for template builder (#26993)
coder/coder: docs/admin/templates/creating-templates.md

<div class="tabs">

### Template builder

The template builder is the recommended way to create templates in Coder. It
guides you through selecting a base infrastructure template, adding modules
(IDEs, tools, integrations), and configuring your template, all without writing
Terraform.

The template builder is enabled by default. When you select **New Template** on
the **Templates** page, the builder opens automatically.

> The builder walks you through up to five steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The builder guides you through up to five steps:
```

Nit about inclusive language

1. **Select base infrastructure**: Choose a starter template for your target
   platform (e.g. Docker, AWS EC2, Kubernetes). Each base template provides a
   working foundation with the Coder agent pre-configured.

   ![Select a base infrastructure template in the template builder](../../images/templatebuilder_01_bases.png)

1. **Base template parameters** *(optional)*: If the selected base template

>    declares configurable variables, this step lets you supply values for them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   declares configurable variables, you can supply values for them here.
```

Red Hat suggests avoiding `lets you`, `allows you`, `gives you`, etc. in documentation.

   ![Select modules to add to your template](../../images/templatebuilder_02_modules.png)

1. **Module settings** *(optional)*: Configure variables for the modules you
   selected. Required variables without defaults must be filled in before you
   can proceed. Modules that require secrets (such as API keys) display a
   notice that developers will be prompted for the value at workspace creation
   time.

   ![Configure module settings](../../images/templatebuilder_03_module_customization.png)

1. **Template customizations**: Set the template's display name, description,
   icon, and organization, then select **Create Template**.

   ![Set template display name, description, and other metadata](../../images/templatebuilder_04_customizations.png)

After you select **Create Template**, Coder composes the Terraform
configuration server-side, validates it with `terraform init` and
`terraform validate`, and creates the template. The generated template is
standard Terraform HCL that you can edit later through the dashboard or CLI.

> [!NOTE]
> The template builder requires outbound access to `registry.coder.com` so
> that `terraform init` can resolve module sources. For air-gapped or

> > restricted-egress deployments, see

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> restricted-egress deployments, visit
```

Inclusivity nit for those users who rely on screen readers. I avoid using the word "see" altogether whenever possible.

displays a warning. Module conflicts do not block template creation, but you
should review the warning before proceeding.

#### Disabling the template builder

Operators can disable the template builder by setting the
`CODER_DISABLE_TEMPLATE_BUILDER` environment variable or the
`--disable-template-builder` server flag. When disabled, the **New Template**
button links to the starter templates page instead, and the
`/api/v2/templatebuilder/*` endpoints return 404.

Deployments using a self-hosted module registry mirror can set
`CODER_TEMPLATE_BUILDER_REGISTRY_URL` to point generated module source paths at
the mirror instead of `registry.coder.com`.

#### Alternative creation methods

The template builder's first step also links to alternative creation paths:

- **Upload an existing template**: Upload a `.tar.gz` or `.zip` of Terraform
  files you have authored locally.
- **Start from scratch**: Follow the
  [template from scratch tutorial](../../tutorials/template-from-scratch.md) to
  write Terraform by hand.
- **Browse community templates**: Browse the
  [Coder Registry](https://registry.coder.com/templates) for community and
  official templates.

### CLI

> You can use the [Coder CLI](../../install/cli.md) to manage templates for Coder.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the [Coder CLI](../../install/cli.md) to manage templates for Coder.
```

Is the extra line break here expected?

Author: I think this may have been a GitHub diff rendering thing. the diff suggestion here won't apply because there are no differences in the code, so I'm guessing this was just GitHub U being GitHub UI
